yes
what a pink wave how are I?
cousin 'sun and good I hope is very well
this time I have a news
about playstation and I'm talking
network maintenance is currently
scheduled for day 23 of the 9 of the
tomorrow at 11:30 in the morning
pacific time and from 12 to two
and a half early in the morning or this
that we hope that this maintenance
will last approximately two and a half hours
out there during this period they go to
thus implementing a number of improvements
back-end to what the network is and good the
playstation 4 users have
logged in on the network before
maintenance you will be able to
connect during this time the
Most games can be played in
line and access to applications
associated as netflix will be
ok then good is not available
Playstation 4 must be activated as a
primary system in order to break
subtitles and online services if
you want to configure your playstation 4
and good this as the primary system then
leaving a link in the bottom
so that bariloche that now
people who are playstation vita and
the precision 3 as long as you guys
have entered online mode before the
maintenance will be able
be avoided and access most of the
online games people who
try to access playstation store
field home edition and what is management
account will not be available during
this time you can receive the
maintenance notification yes
try to access those services
and good if you who need the
state of playstation network I'm going to
leave a small link in the bottom part
so they go check it out and also what
keep for something that comes to
pass ok now it would help me a lot that
then share whatever this video
so that obviously more people find out
Do not think that they looted him
or something are simply maintenance and
well, share it with your friends there
by facebook or by twitter this would help
really quite pretty and I appreciate it
very much ok
so well I hope you can help
sharing what is the video giving us
brush strokes subscribing to what they are
social networks if they have not done so and
good remember to follow me on the networks
social is very very important and good
you know I'm the prince long we
we see the next